audio audio for video right now about
eight feet from the camera you're
listening to a rode videomic pro plugged
in on top of a Canon 5d Mark 3 obviously
the closer you get to the microphone and
the camera the better it sounds now you
want to use a microphone other than the
internal microphone this is what the
internal microphone sounds like no one
wants to hear this it sounds terrible
all of you probably already know that
you can stick the little microphone on
top of your camera to record better
audio but what about the other options
Audio can get so so confusing so today
I'm going to talk about the other
options the lavalier mics otherwise
known as logs and then also shotgun
microphones and how to use those by
recording directly into the camera or
using an external recorder all this
means is the audio is going to a
recorder that is recording to an SD card
that you can then take out of the
recorder after you're done and line it
up with the footage during
post-production so let's get into it
this is what my camera looks like with
the audio you just heard with the rode
videomic pro quick tip whenever you're
recording audio straight into the camera
and are in a controlled environment turn
the audio to manual and turn it down let
the mic preamps do most the work you
will get less hiss but keep it on
automatic if you're doing something like
vlogging or are recording something very
loud when the audio is unpredictable
right now you're listening to my
favorite way to record audio with the
rodelink wireless filmmaker kit all the
product links will be in the description
below the road link is a convenient way
to record audio straight to your camera
or external recorder wirelessly you
simply plug in the receiver into your
camera and the included law of mic into
the transmitter you turn the receiver
and transmitter on and they start
working it's really that simple
love mics are great when you want to mic
directly on the talent it's popular to
clip the mic onto the talent shirt but I
have found a great alternative use the
road and visit
love silicon system it allows you to
hide the love underneath a shirt and you
won't hear the scraping of the shirt
against the mic the adhesive it comes
with is actually terrible so I suggest
buying some type of double-sided tape
for clothing every time you stop
recording on your camera the audio will
stop so if you want one continuous track
of audio you can plug the receiver into
an external recorder like a tascam dr-40
via an adapter this is what I did for
creative spaces TV and it worked great
if you want to laws running at the same
time you can plug both of them into
something like the dr-40 or the zoom h4n
and use a preamp like the juicedlink to
record both of them directly into the
camera I've been using the rode
filmmaker kit a lot of system for the
majority of this video but this is what
this law sounds like it's the cheap
amazon law of the biggest downside is
you cannot use the invisi law to hide
this one now moving on to shotgun
microphones shotgun mics are typically
set up on a boom pole that boom pool is
then used by an audio person to follow
the subject around and capture the audio
via an external recorder you will see
this in behind the scenes of TV shows or
movies because that's usually how they
do audio the second way is to put the
boom pole in shotgun mic onto a c-stand
using a few miscellaneous accessories
this setup is fantastic for interviews
if you have multiple subjects moving in
and out of the same location you can
just set up your mic and you're good to
go
also if you don't want to use a lob it's
great but you can also use a log and the
setup just to have a reliable source of
backup audio because something always
goes wrong it seems like with audio
unfortunately again this way can be
recorded straight into your camera via a
preamp that allows for an XLR to 3.5
millimeter jack connection or straight
into an external recorder like the dr 40
keep in mind that lining up audio in
post-production will always take a
longer time than if the audio is already
connected
the video if you found this video
helpful let me know hit that like button
and also share it with a fellow
filmmaker friend who might think it will
be useful also hit that subscribe button
new videos rolling out every single week
again thank you so much for watching and
I will see you in the next video I was
gonna wait a little to share because
it's not happening until like midsummer
but I think you're catching on that I am
obsessed